add section about `gdock` module (#39)
haddocking/haddock3-user-manual: src/modules/sampling.md

It also handles ensembles the same way, respecting the `crossdock` setting to dock all receptor-ligand combinations or pair models by index.

Internally, each candidate docking pose is encoded as a chromosome of 6 genes: 3 Euler rotation angles and 3 translation values placing the ligand relative to the receptor.
A population of these poses is evolved over generations using tournament selection, uniform crossover, Gaussian ("creep") mutation for local refinement, and elitism, with early stopping once the population converges.
Each pose is scored with a physics-based energy function combining van der Waals, electrostatics, desolvation, and a flat-bottom harmonic AIR restraint term modeled after HADDOCK's own ambiguous restraints.

On the Protein-Protein Docking Benchmark v5, `[gdock]` reaches a 95.9% success rate (DockQ ≥ 0.23) with typical runs completing in a matter of seconds. For a full description of the algorithm, scoring function, and benchmarks, see [gdock.org](https://gdock.org).

> `[gdock]` has a narrower scope than `[rigidbody]`: it only supports the 20 standard amino acids, and only two-body docking. Restraints are limited to plain ambiguous/unambiguous distance restraints; dihedral restraints, symmetry restraints, and other NMR-derived restraint types (RDCs, PCSs, etc.) supported by `[rigidbody]` are not available in `[gdock]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[gdock]` has a narrower scope than `[rigidbody]`: it only supports the 20 standard amino acids, and only two-body docking. Restraints are limited to plain ambiguous/unambiguous distance restraints; center of mass restraints, symmetry restraints, and other NMR-derived restraint types (RDCs, PCSs, etc.) supported by `[rigidbody]` are not available in `[gdock]`.
```
